hi this is you yeah for today's video
I'm going to teach you or how to use
this camera called HBR and some more
advanced video camera and I think this
would be a good thing to teach I happen
to be a part-time videographer my whole
and yep let's start okay first thing
first
I'll teach you how to insert actually
with this camera
as you can see I'm disassembled uses
this type of battery
it's called L Series battery and to put
in its behind here and you have to start
this metal thing that you're done
to tell the camera on simply just come
to here it's a button here and there's a
VCR and different camera so VCRs for
playback the camera is to record so to
turn it on
I'll use your car and you can basically
see what is this thing recording on this
screen here basically that's it
I think you four bodies camera is that
it doesn't uses digital storage yeah so
it uses this thing called eg tapes which
you in such here so basically the tip
for myself I got to touch it and this is
a dips as for editing time to transfer
wise on these tips of computer and
sometimes these tips allow for more easy
editing because you have to snip it off
and stuff I define there's for Porsche
professional people with Vida a call I
also a ski basically means the
sensitivity of the light sensitivity
code like so the higher gear means is
more sensitive would like one thing bad
about gain is the Morgan you put me
small also more sensitive to noise yeah
we only use hiding in low-light
conditions like during the night
I wish some basically means how big your
lens open bigger obviously is over most
and allow more like to come in as well
Irish means yeah less like yeah when you
have a big Irish that hopelessly so
focal line will be much more short
though that means I can only focus on
like my hand in front of you and things
behind the pupil moving on we are
shutter speed if you have a really slow
shutter speed you'll see in learning
that if I swing my hand you have a lot
of motion behind so higher shutter speed
basically means you can catch some
motion Mossman another important thing
when using cameras like this is the
audio of this camera has two types of
audio sources one is the internal mic
which is here the other two is external
mic okay sometimes if we want a more
directional we are speaking boom might
use Mac like that never attach it to a
cable taking point so this is a more
advanced camera
and I hope he's shocked shop TV video
game